Updated documentation around K3S_RESOLV_CONF environment variable (#4150)
rancher/docs: content/k3s/latest/en/installation/install-options/agent-config/_index.md

|------|----------------------|-------------|
|   `--node-ip value, -i` value | N/A   |   IP address to advertise for node  |
|   `--node-external-ip` value |  N/A   | External IP address to advertise for node      |

> |   `--resolv-conf` value |   `K3S_RESOLV_CONF`    |  Kubelet resolv.conf file. Note: If you wish to set kubelet parameter `--resolv-conf` to `""`, use `--kubelet-arg=resolv-conf=` instead       | 
> |   `--flannel-iface` value |    N/A   | Override default flannel interface      |
> |   `--flannel-conf` value |    N/A     |  Override default flannel config file |
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|   `--resolv-conf` value |   `K3S_RESOLV_CONF`    |  Kubelet resolv.conf file       | 
|   `--flannel-iface` value |    N/A   | Override default flannel interface      |
|   `--flannel-conf` value |    N/A     |  Override default flannel config file |

> Note: if you wish to directly set the kubelet `--resolv-conf` value, use `--kubelet-arg=resolv-conf=value` instead. The k3s flag is only passed through to the kubelet if set to the path of a valid resolv.conf file.
```
